Project Proposal.md, before:

# Project Idea: Video Game Sales and Price analysis
## Proposed by: Gavin Sorensen, Parker Seehafer, Noah Sutherland

## What question will you answer?
Are there any patterns to video game sales? For example the price of video games on average over time, price of games in different countries - discount applied to these countries versus US prices, average price of games on different consoles, genre and release date.

## Data source:
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets?search=steam+sales
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/anandshaw2001/video-game-sales
- Steam API (https://store.steampowered.com/api/appdetails?appids={app_id}&cc={cc})

## What you'll create:
- Plots of our different questions
- For each plot we will have the coefficient of determination
- A detailed analysis on video game sales based on time and location
- A readable output with plots that make sense based on our questions
- A better insight to how sales drop after release day (whether they stay steady or drop heavily)

## Approach: What Python concepts and libraries will you use?
- mathplotlib Use: plots
- Pandas Use: Dataframes
- requests Use: pulling from steam API
- Import/Export CSV Use: Export data from steam API and import data from Kaggle, This way we don't need to hammer API, We also can look at the CSV to see what we are looking for

## Team size needed: 
- Noah Sutherland
- Parker Seehafer
- Gavin Sorensen

Commit message:

Update project question for video game sales analysis
Revised the research question to focus on the impact of time and location on video game prices and sales.

Project Proposal.md, after:

# Project Idea: Video Game Sales and Price analysis
## Proposed by: Gavin Sorensen, Parker Seehafer, Noah Sutherland

## What question will you answer?

How do video game prices change based on time and location, does this affect video game sales?

## Data source:
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets?search=steam+sales
- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/anandshaw2001/video-game-sales
- Steam API (https://store.steampowered.com/api/appdetails?appids={app_id}&cc={cc})

## What you'll create:
- Plots of our different questions
- For each plot we will have the coefficient of determination
- A detailed analysis on video game sales based on time and location
- A readable output with plots that make sense based on our questions
- A better insight to how sales drop after release day (whether they stay steady or drop heavily)

## Approach: What Python concepts and libraries will you use?
- mathplotlib Use: plots
- Pandas Use: Dataframes
- requests Use: pulling from steam API
- Import/Export CSV Use: Export data from steam API and import data from Kaggle, This way we don't need to hammer API, We also can look at the CSV to see what we are looking for

## Team size needed: 
- Noah Sutherland
- Parker Seehafer
- Gavin Sorensen
