Final_Submission/readme.md, before:

# DS 150 Capstone Project

[![Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11EmdjRLzoTm3QvHnSSOyPmwJNekRmpej?usp=sharing)
[![Status: Complete](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Complete-green)](https://github.com/pseehafer/DS150Final)

## Prerequesites

First you need to have the csv:
A copy csv can be found here [DS 150 Capstone Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kgC5_ICyOEVvdAwVBzu9GlBRZd1bO_bN?usp=drive_link)

There are two ways that you can go about running the notebook.

### Option A Run directly in colab (requires authorizing and mounting google drive):
1. **Create a Shortcut** in google drive for the "DS_150_Capstone" Folder in your "Colab Notebooks" Folder
2. When Running "Setup for project" cell **authorize access** to google drive so that it can mount it, follow the prompts allowing google colab to access your drive

### Option B Copy colab notebook:
1. **Get a copy** of the colab notebook and csv put them in your own local directory in google drive (you could also do this with a jupyter notebook then)
2. Under "Setup for Project" Cell **change the last cell** df = pd.read_csv('/content/drive/MyDrive/Colab Notebooks/DS 150 Capstone/games_march2025_cleaned.csv') to df = pd.read_csv('games_march2025_cleaned.csv')

---

## Running the Project

This notebook is divided into clear, collapsible sections (chapters) for ease of navigation.

* **Chapter 1:** Setup for Project
  - Mount google drive
  - Import neccessary Librarys
  - Creating dataframe from csv file
* **Chapter 2:** Exploratory Data
  - Initial exploration of the data
* **Chapter 3:** Functions
* **Chapter 4:** Analyzing Distrobutions of multiple datasets
  - Walks through Analyzing the distrobutions of a number of datasets
  - Tries to clean the datasets to normalize the datasets
* **Chapter 5:** Analyzing Price and Release Month
  - Uses normalized log of Price and the release months
  - Verifies the correlation between release months and price
  - Predicts the price using the normalized log of Price and Release Month
* **Chapter 6** Analyzing Genres
  -

Suggestion: The "Run all" prompt will most likely time out so I suggest running each "chapter" individually starting from top to bottom before expanding them

Commit message:

Update README with authors and running suggestions
Added authors and suggestions for running the project.

Final_Submission/readme.md, after:

# DS 150 Capstone Project

Authors: Gavin Sorensen, Parker Seehafer, and Noah Sutherland

[![Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11EmdjRLzoTm3QvHnSSOyPmwJNekRmpej?usp=sharing)
[![Status: Complete](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Complete-green)](https://github.com/pseehafer/DS150Final)

## Prerequesites

First you need to have the csv:
A copy csv can be found here [DS 150 Capstone Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kgC5_ICyOEVvdAwVBzu9GlBRZd1bO_bN?usp=drive_link)

There are two ways that you can go about running the notebook.

### Option A Run directly in colab (requires authorizing and mounting google drive):
1. **Create a Shortcut** in google drive for the "DS_150_Capstone" Folder in your "Colab Notebooks" Folder
2. When Running "Setup for project" cell **authorize access** to google drive so that it can mount it, follow the prompts allowing google colab to access your drive

### Option B Copy colab notebook:
1. **Get a copy** of the colab notebook and csv put them in your own local directory in google drive (you could also do this with a jupyter notebook then)
2. Under "Setup for Project" Cell **change the last cell** df = pd.read_csv('/content/drive/MyDrive/Colab Notebooks/DS 150 Capstone/games_march2025_cleaned.csv') to df = pd.read_csv('games_march2025_cleaned.csv')

---

## Running the Project

This notebook is divided into clear, collapsible sections (chapters) for ease of navigation.

Suggestion: The "Run all" prompt will most likely time out so I suggest running each "chapter" individually starting from top to bottom before expanding them

* **Chapter 1:** Setup for Project
  - Mount google drive
  - Import neccessary Librarys
  - Creating dataframe from csv file
* **Chapter 2:** Exploratory Data
  - Initial exploration of the data
* **Chapter 3:** Functions
* **Chapter 4:** Analyzing Distrobutions of multiple datasets
  - Walks through Analyzing the distrobutions of a number of datasets
  - Tries to clean the datasets to normalize the datasets
* **Chapter 5:** Analyzing Price and Release Month
  - Uses normalized log of Price and the release months
  - Verifies the correlation between release months and price
  - Predicts the price using the normalized log of Price and Release Month
* **Chapter 6** Analyzing Genres
  -
